Add choosing a bundler (#3)
xirzec/bundle-azure-sdk: README.md

## Choosing a bundler

> Below we show examples of using three fairly popular bundlers: [Webpack](https://webpack.js.org), [Rollup](https://rollupjs.org/), and [Parcel](https://parceljs.org/). The JavaScript ecosystem has a number of other bundlers available as well. Choosing a bundler for your library or application can be complex, but for simple projects, any will usually work as well as another.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below we show examples of using three fairly popular bundlers: [Webpack](https://webpack.js.org), [Rollup](https://rollupjs.org/), and [Parcel](https://parceljs.org/). The JavaScript ecosystem has a number of other bundlers available as well. Choosing a bundler for your library or application can be complex, but any will work for simple projects.
```

> Webpack is probably the most popular option in the ecosystem today. The Azure SDK uses Rollup, which seems better suited for libraries rather than web applications. Parcel is a new-comer that offers a great getting started experience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Webpack is a popular option in the ecosystem today and has a large community following. Rollup tends to be better suited for libraries rather than web applications, and is the bundler used by the Azure SDK. Parcel is a newer bundler that offers a great getting started experience.
```
